- draft progress
	We have an outline and there has been some useful private comment from
	IETF security folks.  Heasley will summarize this for the group asap
	and start to form the TLS specific portion of the draft.

- progress on living document reference
	Including Housley's comments about this, there was discussion about
	living (evergreen) document reference for cipher suites.

	Doug suggessts that we must be careful about the document taking
	responsibility for security specifics, but that it assume some by
	(or in) specifying recommended ciphersuites.

	Thorsten agrees fully.  Thinks that a reference like "MUST
	always support the latest TLS version" without taking anything specific,
	like ciphersuites, from that document itself. That would mean we do not
	have to update the TACACS+ document when IETF jumps from TLS 1.3 to TLS
	1.4 (or similar) but the protocol would be required to support the
	latest security features.

	Doug clarifies that he agrees, but wants to recognize that if the
	tacacs takes responsiblity for ciphersuites, the rfc will then require
	updates in the future.  OK, but has impact.

- email to OPSAWG about tacacs+ TLS
	Doug and Thorsten agreed that the draft email was reasonable.

	Andrej should tell us if he agrees.  Heasley will wait for Andrej
	then send to the OPSAWG list.

- what is the sate of the current draft.
	doug has had no time due to travel.  he will try to find time this
	weekend.  has made a list of comments from the emails.

	Thorsten suggests splitting the emails among the group for parallel
	progress drafting responses.

The next call will be Tuseday 2nd of July at 10:00 PT, 18:00 Dublin time.
WebEx invitation has been sent.
