- cmorrow will attend IETF 105 plenary to learn about "Evolving Documents",
  aka "Evergreen Documents".  Please let us know how this goes.

- draft progress
	Heasley will try to push an update today.

- progress on living document reference
        Some discussion about how to make the recommendations.  The recent
	comment about BCP needs to be considered; it is not clear that BCP
	numbers are static, and thus would not offer any relief.  It is
	clear that none of us wish to periodically update the RFC as TLS
	evolves.

	we should research what the latest https has done.  Doug will try to
	do this.

	We will add what we think is best to the draft, then pose the question
	to the WG for their preference.

- what is the state of the current draft.
	doug has reviewed comments & DISCUSS and emailed the WG.  he will try
	to submit a new revision this week.  Much of the comment was about
	character sets.  There may need to be some discussion about how to
	address the comments, either with the group or WG.

	Thorsten reviewed Doug's comments to the list, and except for the
	comment from Andrej, it seemed appropriate.

	Andrej's issue is regarding reference to a historical RFC (XXX
	I may have misheard this).  Doug believes that he may have missed
	Andrej's comment and will search for it.  I attempted to find Andrej's
	comment in the OPSAWG mail archive, but the most recent mail from
	Andrej is dated 19.22.4:
	https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/opsawg/lfkkc6ZCCNw8rDNQX-lO9nhW_kY

- email to OPSAWG about tacacs+ TLS
	No replies were received.


The next call will be Thursday 15th of August at 10:00 PT, 18:00 Dublin time.
WebEx invitation will be sent.
